Welcome to the program.
This month, we'll take you to World Headquarters to visit one of the museums.
We'll learn about the many activities that are organized and directed by the governing body today.
Next, how can we protect ourselves from being lured into sin?
In this dramatization, a young brother learns how to make the right decision.
And how does the organization ensure that our brothers and sisters receive spiritual food?
In this example from Africa, we'll see how J.W. Broadcasting is distributed,
even when internet connections are slow.
This is the July 2019 program of J.W. Broadcasting.
We'll begin by introducing you to two sisters who live in the United States.
Early on in their lives, they were exposed to two very different views of what a family should be like.
Still, they came to realize that while life may change, Jehovah doesn't.
This is my sister Laila.
This is my sister Mimi.
My sister Laila, she is very caring. I know that for sure.
One thing that I appreciate about Mimi is that she has the self-sacrificing spirit.
We love our family.
What I love most about my mom is that she has a big heart.
And I know that my dad really truly loves his family.
Our sister Sophie always takes care of you, making sure you are okay.
Our family is something that we would never want to replace.
To us, it's a forever family.
But it wasn't always like that.
We haven't always been sisters.
At a young age, I was already in the foster home,
and then Mimi became my foster sister.
We were not treated as part of their family.
We never knew what love felt like.
There isn't a bedroom for us.
Me and Laila were shared a couch.
Our foster family, they would leave us by ourselves at home.
And me and Laila had to take care of ourselves.
And so we were very close together,
because we would talk to each other and just help each other out.
When we would go to school, we didn't have school supplies,
so I would steal stuff.
And we didn't have school uniforms.
We had clothing that was dirty.
I feel like in some way that with all those experience
kind of make me feel like I don't care.
I didn't like authority figures and didn't really trust them.
I was lost.
I was confused.
I just did whatever I could possibly to protect myself.
We have experienced things that no children should go through.
We found out there's a family who wanted to adopt us.
I was 12 years old and I was nine years old.
One thing that was tough for me was conversing.
I didn't know any English
and it was hard for my parents to know how I felt
because I had a hard time expressing
if I was sad or scared.
I had a difficult time to trust.
But they showed us love and they hugged us
and just made us feel like home.
As I got to know them better
and I got to see that they truly love me
and that they truly treat me like their daughter
helped me to develop love and trust.
The first time I saw my mom in debt praying at the dinner meal,
it was very new to me because I never knew that there was a God.
I had some past experience with religion and I didn't like it.
So whenever I saw my mom in debt praying,
I was uncomfortable with it.
They had to figure out a way to introduce their best friend Jehovah to us.
They took us to this place called the Kingdom Hall.
The first thing we felt was warmth and love.
All these friends coming up and to say hi to us,
giving us hugs, just super loving towards us.
Dad would give us a no pad and he told us to draw anything that you understand.
And so that was our notes.
We would just draw pictures.
They would pray with us, teaching us how to pray specifically
and see how Jehovah can insert our prayer.
We would eat breakfast every day together and do daily texts.
We would do re-enact Bible stories
and prepare for meetings.
The simplified washroom came out and it really helped us so much.
I was able to really learn more about Jehovah and understand it.
And that helped me to give more comments and draw closer to Jehovah.
A big change for me was strain the 2014 International Convention.
Just seeing love in the unity between brothers and sisters touched my heart.
That also helped me to progress towards making the decision of getting baptized.
Going on service more, I think it really helped me to draw closer to Jehovah
and making the Kingdom feel real to me.
And so that's why I wanted to get baptized.
After I graduated high school, I started to pioneer.
It's one way to show my love to Jehovah.
I used to just take care of myself.
But I learned to take care of others and to think of others first.
For us young ones, we should appreciate every moment that we have with our parents.
Your parents are the best friend that you could ever have.
Going on service wasn't easy for me at first because I'm actually a very shy person.
But I decided to rely on Jehovah and started pioneering.
And just recently, I started commuting to Bethel.
One day a week, the important quality that Jehovah have told me is love.
I felt that love from my family, from Jehovah, from my friends.
I learned that it's all good to love people.
And that's what you're supposed to do.
You love people and take care of people.
And I feel like my life is more satisfying and meaningful.
When I meditate and think about what Jehovah has done for me and Lele,
I don't have to be afraid.
Jehovah is my secure refuge because life's may change, but Jehovah does not change.
The love and unity of the brothers stood out to Lele and Mimi
and helped them draw closer to Jehovah.
For a Bible student to progress the baptism, he or she would need to develop those very qualities
which Lele and Mimi did.
But there are many additional aspects of our personality that we as Christians need to maintain.
One of the most underrated qualities in today's world is modesty.
In fact, the world encourages the exact opposite of modesty.
The world says that you are the most important person.
You should promote yourself.
You have no limits.
You have the right to be anything you want to be.
As we'll see, the world's thinking is completely backwards and for several reasons.
Really, modesty is a quality that stems from everything that is good.
Our theme scripture for this discussion is Micah 6 and verse 8.
He has told you what is good and what is Jehovah requiring of you
only to exercise justice to cherish loyalty and to walk in modesty with your God.
Notice that modesty is one of the key aspects of what is good.
To help us understand why, let's discuss three questions.
What is modesty?
Why do we want to have this quality?
How can we cultivate it?
First, what is modesty?
Basically, it's an awareness of our limitations.
Of course, we often link modesty with appropriate dress and grooming.
But much more is involved.
How do we know?
Consider what we read at Proverbs 11 and verse 2.
When presumptuousness comes, dishonor will follow.
But wisdom is with the modest ones.
Notice that modesty is contrasted with the negative quality, presumptuousness.
A presumptuous person runs ahead without the authority to do so.
He or she ignores proper boundaries and limitations.
That kind of attitude often leads to foolish mistakes, a bad reputation with fellow humans.
And above all, it can cause a person to lose God's favor.
For example, we might think of King Saul.
Although he started out as a modest young man, in time he became presumptuous.
He even went so far as to offer up a burnt sacrifice, even though he was not authorized to do so.
As a result, Saul lost Jehovah's favor and eventually the kingship.
In Saul's case, presumptuousness definitely led to dishonor.
On the other hand, a wise and modest person recognizes his limitations and works within them.
Why is modesty the course of wisdom?
This brings us to our second main point.
Why do we want to have this quality?
The foremost reason is that modesty is essential to pleasing our Heavenly Father Jehovah.
Although we don't speak of Jehovah as being modest, even he works within certain limitations that he's imposed on himself.
He teaches us by example how to demonstrate this quality, even though it's not one that he needs to display.
Why can we say that Jehovah imposes limitations on himself? Consider just one example.
He'll never violate the gift of free will that he's granted us.
Jehovah will never force us to serve him, even though of course he has the power to do so.
Aren't we grateful that he allows us to serve him because we choose to out of love and not because we are forced to?
Jehovah teaches us to display modesty in other ways as well.
For example, we might think of how he listened patiently as Abraham voiced his concerns about Jehovah's purpose to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah.
Or how Jehovah invited the angels to suggest ways to Fuehab and then authorized one of their suggestions to be carried out.
What's the lesson for us?
If Jehovah who doesn't need input or help from anyone patiently listens and delegates, how much more should we do so, especially since we're all so imperfect and limited?
Are you a family head or an elder in the congregation, or do you have another responsible position in the organization?
If so, you can imitate Jehovah by not micromanaging others, be willing to delegate tasks to them and listen to their suggestions, imitate Jehovah's example of dignifying others and wanting to help them succeed.
Besides pleasing Jehovah, we have other good reasons to be modest. Modesty helps us to be joyful, how so, by going hand in hand with a related quality gratitude.
A faithful brother who worked in the writing department for some 50 years was fond of saying, only a grateful person can be happy.
If we're modestly aware of our limitations, we'll be grateful and happy for the help that we receive from others.
For example, think of the leper who returned to thank Jesus for healing him.
This man realized his limitations. He was very thankful that Jesus had done something for him that he could never have done on his own.
Another reason to cultivate modesty is that it promotes good relationships with others. Let's face it, people aren't usually drawn to those who think, if I want something done right, I have to do it myself.
But they usually appreciate it when they're shown that we have confidence in them. This in turn draws them to us.
Another way that modesty promotes good relationships is that it helps us to avoid comparing ourselves to others.
Comparing ourselves to others is always a dangerous road to navigate.
Just think, for example, of Jesus' apostles who argued many times over who was the greatest or Joseph's brothers and the terrible things they did because of being jealous of Joseph.
A modest person doesn't obsess over his perceived rank in comparison with others.
In this regard, we can remember the good example of Moses. How did he react when Jehovah enabled some of his fellow Israelites to begin acting as prophets alongside him?
Moses rejoiced, saying that he wished all of Jehovah's people were prophets.
Moses didn't feel that he was the only one who should have such a privilege.
Finally, modesty promotes good relationships with others because it prevents us from bragging about our accomplishments or drawing undue attention to ourselves which could stir up resentment in others.
So now we know what modesty is and why we want to have it. This brings us to our third main point. How can we cultivate this beautiful quality?
One thing we can do is to read and meditate on Bible examples both good and bad, such as those we just discussed.
Other Bible examples include Daniel, who modestly didn't take credit for the interpretation of King Nebuchadnezzar's dream.
The lesson for us?
If we're privileged to have a teaching assignment or we enjoy a measure of success in the ministry, we want to give all the glory to Jehovah.
We should modestly recognize that we couldn't do these things without his help.
We can also study the example of Jesus, who didn't even think of trying to grasp for more authority than Jehovah had granted him.
Philippians 2 and verse 6 tells us, he gave no consideration to a seizure, namely, that he should be equal to God.
Consider how Jesus responded when his disciples James and John approached him with their mother and asked for a privilege that was beyond his authority to grant them.
Jesus modestly acknowledged that only Jehovah could decide who would sit at his right and left hand in the kingdom.
Jesus respected his limitations.
What are some other ways we can cultivate modesty?
One is to apply the Bible's counsel founded 1 Corinthians 4 verse 6.
Do not go beyond the things that are written.
This refers primarily to the things written in God's Word.
By extension, the principal also applies to the scriptural direction that we receive from our publications.
When asked for advice, we would never want to impose our own opinion or simply give an answer off the top of our head.
Rather, we want to direct attention to the counsel found in the Bible and Bible-based publications.
Another way we can cultivate modesty is by asking for frank comments from a trusted friend as to whether or not we have a reputation for being modest.
In this regard, we remember the Bible principle, as iron, sharpens iron, so one man sharpens his friend.
If someone is willing to offer kind observations about how we can improve, we wouldn't want to bristle at the comments.
Granted, it may sting our pride to hear such honest feedback, but don't we all need to hear these things from time to time?
As imperfect humans, each one of us has blind spots as it were.
It's hard to see ourselves the way others see us.
Remember, we can work to improve our Christian personality, but only if we know the areas that could use some improvement.
We can't change what we don't see.
A word of caution.
We want to be aware of false modesty.
Remember that it's not about simply appearing modest, but actually being modest at heart.
To help us examine ourselves, we might meditate on questions like these.
When I receive advice or counsel, how do I really feel about it at heart?
Does my internal reaction depend on whether the person giving it has less or more experience or authority than I do?
Am I willing to accept valid suggestions regardless of who offers them?
A final way we can develop true modesty is to ask Jehovah to help us.
We know what James 1 verse 17 says.
Every good gift and every perfect present is from above, coming down from the Father of the celestial lights.
Since modesty is one of Jehovah's good gifts to us, we can be sure that if we pray to Jehovah and ask him to help us cultivate this quality,
he'll answer our sincere prayers.
In review, what is modesty?
It's a proper recognition of our limitations.
Why do we want to have this quality?
Because it pleases Jehovah, it promotes good relationships with others, and it adds to our joy.
How can we cultivate modesty?
There are many ways.
We can meditate on Bible examples both good and bad, and then apply the lessons in our own life.
We should apply the counsel to not go beyond the things written.
We can ask others for honest feedback on how we're doing and showing this quality, and above all, we can pray to Jehovah and ask him to help us develop it more fully.
When we think of all the positive ways that modesty benefits ourselves and others, wouldn't you agree that it truly is a quality that comes from what is good?
Modesty can also protect us from Satan's schemes.
In this dramatization, a brother's modesty helped him to make the right decision.
Mum's been working hard lately, but I wish she worked harder for Jehovah.
I try to help out where I can.
Oh, by the way, I'm Jin.
Every day starts the same.
I grab a drink of water.
I say hi to Jin.
He's in my congregation.
And then, there's Mi Kyung.
Okay, here we go.
I say hello. She says something clever.
I try to leave, so this is different.
She's having trouble in math and needs my help.
I don't want to be rude, but if I help her with her homework, how far could the relationship develop?
How do you say no to a girl like her?
Why can't I get her out of my head?
Things are always better when Uncle and Auntie are around.
Even Mum makes sure she's home for dinner and broadcast night.
Uncle wants to work together in service this weekend.
Maybe that will help clear my head.
Jehovah must be disappointed in me.
I couldn't take it anymore.
It was difficult, but I told Uncle everything.
I felt guilty that I knew I shouldn't, but I liked the attention.
We read Genesis 39 7 through 12.
I knew the account about Potterfus' wife, but he mentioned something I hadn't thought of before.
He told Potterfus' wife, how could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?
But why did Joseph have to flee?
Joseph fought her every day, but she wasn't going to give up.
In her mind, it wasn't a question of if, but when?
There came a point where he had to flee.
I explained why I was ending the relationship, but she would not give up.
You know the last thing she said to me?
That I was a coward, but she's wrong.
You're never a coward if you run to Jehovah.
Our young brother saw that dating an unbeliever would put him in harm's way.
He was reminded that getting involved with someone who doesn't share Jehovah's values could eventually lead to sin.
Having modesty protected him from such dire consequences.
By his decision, we could see our young brother's faith in action.
Faith in action is also the name of one of the museums at our World Headquarters in Warwick, New York.
Have you had an opportunity to visit?
If not, we'd like to take you there right now.
And even if you have visited, you'll enjoy these reminders.
Welcome to the World Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses at Warwick, New York.
As Jehovah's people, we are multicultural and multilingual.
And as the artwork here emphasizes, our focus is on our commission to preach the good news to people of all nations.
So what are we doing today as an organization?
How did we get here? And what's our main tool for this great work?
We invite you to come to our museums to find out.
We have three museums here at Warwick, all funded by voluntary donations.
Each of them is alive with stories.
Upstairs on the second floor is the museum, Faith in Action.
There we'll see the very latest on what's being done by Jehovah's organization.
Also on the second floor is the museum, A People for Jehovah's Day.
It takes us on an exciting journey back in time.
And downstairs, we have the Bible Museum.
There we'll get to see up close a spiritual treasure chest.
When you tour the museums, you'll notice that they were designed to be not passive but interactive so that you can put yourself in the experience.
So with that preview, let's take the tour.
This is the launching point to the Faith in Action Museum.
Note that important descriptive word, action.
What activities or actions are being organized and directed by the governing body today?
This display equates you right away with the work of the governing body committees.
Each committee has specific responsibilities, but as you take the tour, notice how the committees work together to accomplish their goals.
The Faith in Action Museum is divided into four galleries.
Show love, meet together, take in spiritual food and make disciples.
As you walk through the galleries, notice how each of them is connected by a JW Blue Ribbon.
So if you get lost, just follow the Blue Ribbon.
This is the show love gallery.
Here you'll learn how the governing body helps God's people to have love among themselves as Jesus commanded at John 1335.
For example, how do the brothers at headquarters respond to needs that arise when a disaster strikes?
When things like natural disasters, terrorist attacks, or civil unrest occur, the coordinators committee directs relief efforts.
They in turn communicate with the branch committee that oversees the affected area.
Usually within 48 hours, a report of what's occurred and what's being done to help our brothers is compiled and sent to headquarters.
That report may be the basis for informing the brotherhood through an article on JW.org.
There's another way that love is shown to Jehovah's people.
Schools, such schools as the School for Congregation Elders and the School for Circuit Overseers and their wives.
These have been very effective in training brothers to shepherd the congregations lovingly.
The Teaching Committee is responsible for the curriculum, while the Service Committee arranges for the selection of the students.
This is the Meet Together Gallery.
Here you'll learn how the governing body is helping God's people to meet together, to incite to love and find works as directed at Hebrews 1024 and 25.
How is the headquarters staff at Warwick filling that need?
Because we keep growing, there is an ongoing need to build new kingdoms and to renovate existing ones.
The Publishing Committee of the governing body directs where kingdom halls will be built and makes funds available to the branches.
The Publishing Committee works closely with the branch office and its local design construction department carries out the work.
But where do these hardworking brothers and sisters come from?
The personnel committee appoints all construction servants for assignments in their home country or in a foreign land.
Have you worked on a Theocratic building project? Take our survey and let us know.
Some kingdom halls are located in areas where there is little or no electricity, but that doesn't stop us from meeting together.
The Publishing Committee has arranged for a custom built portable sound system to be used in these areas.
The Unity Player has a battery that can be recharged by its solar panel or with a built-in hand crank.
It's a wonderful provision that helps our brothers and sisters benefit more from their congregation meetings.
This is the Taken Spiritual Food Gallery. Can you guess what design we used? That's right, a dining table.
Here you'll learn how the governing body fulfills the Scriptural Commission at Luke 1242 to feed God's people spiritually.
To accomplish this, millions of Bibles, Books and other publications need to be prepared, translated and printed.
In addition, a regular flow of material is released online.
Translators around the world keep in close contact with translation services, a headquarters department that supervise by the Writing Committee.
Do you have a favorite publication? Much more is involved in just the writing.
The section from Start to Finish outlines 11 steps that are taken to produce the final product.
What about our online spiritual food?
Each month, we look forward to a new JW Broadcasting Program.
Once the Teaching Committee approves a video idea, audio video services researches the subject and prepares a script for final approval.
Approved scripts and storyboards are assigned to video production teams around the world.
This gives our videos an international flavor.
Well, we've come to our final gallery, Make Disciples.
Here, you'll learn how the governing body is helping us to fulfill the Scriptural Commission at Matthew 2819 to make disciples of people of all nations baptizing them.
The command to preach can be daunting, especially in certain lands. So, how are we meeting that challenge?
The service committee oversees the preaching work worldwide. They help all to have a share according to their ability, some as congregation publishers, others as full-time evangelizers.
Additionally, special preaching campaigns and public witnessing have resulted in many new Bible studies.
At times, though, our religious freedom is opposed by secular authorities.
So, the coordinators committee supervises the World Headquarters Legal Department. Many courts have handed down favorable decisions.
Still, we must continue to defend our right to preach the good news.
Our online tools are also a huge help in making disciples.
This counter shows the average rate at which people worldwide are logging on to JW.org.
Each day, some 250 Bible studies are requested online.
Schools also help us to make disciples.
We have the Pioneer Service School, the School for Kingdom Evangelizers, and Gilead School.
Have you attended one of these schools? Let us know.
Well, as we come to the end of our tour, we hope you enjoyed some highlights from this Faith in Action Museum.
What we've seen here reminds us that now and always, Jehovah's people are a people of faith.
Faith in Action.
As Brother Sanderson highlighted, the organization's actions speak volumes of the faith of Jehovah's people.
And we wanted to share one more example of faith in action.
In Africa, a new provision has made it easier for our brothers and sisters to access spiritual food.
Some of the electronic information that had been translated and provided for the brothers in Sub-to-Hern Africa was essentially unavailable to them.
There are many areas in Mozambique that do not have internet access, and in some parts there is no cell phone coverage.
So we started investigating what it would take to have a 24-hour day, 7-day-a-week satellite channel dedicated to JW Broadcasting.
When the announcement was made to a congregation about the JW satellite channel, our brothers and sisters were very happy about the announcement.
Our organization has a lot of experience distributing video via the internet, but to distribute it on the satellite was entirely new.
So we had to do a lot of research.
We don't have our own satellite up in space.
We ran a channel on a satellite that covers Sub-Saharan Africa.
What is required from the brothers is to have a satellite dish and a decoder.
This will allow them to view the channel with no additional cost.
The brothers that are invited to come here are trained.
First, how to set up the dish.
Second, how to set up the decoder and learn how to adjust the dish properly so that it works well.
Then we teach them how to record the programs, with the goal that they can watch it with the brothers and sisters in the congregation.
Our satellite channel is set up to transmit one video track and 16 audio tracks.
This gives us the ability to broadcast our videos in 16 languages.
We consulted with the Translation Services Department and so these are the 16 languages that give us the greatest audience of our brothers in Africa.
We wrote new software that takes any new video that comes to JW Broadcasting and mixes the 16 languages of video together into a single video file and delivers that to our satellite provider.
The governing body lovingly approved for the rental cost of the satellite channel to be covered from contributions to the worldwide work.
So there's no expense to the brothers in Africa to receive the programs.
We broadcast over a single satellite channel for most of our needs, but occasionally we use a second channel when we broadcast live events like conventions or branch visits.
When the representative of World Headquarters gives his talk from Bethel, it is transmitted to us live through the satellite.
This makes us feel like we are right there at Bethel. We are very happy.
The most recent live event that we broadcast originated in France. It was the release of the revised edition of the New World Translations.
This was very exciting. And brothers and sisters that attended conventions in 10 different branch territories in Africa were able to tie into this broadcast that originated in France using the satellite.
In our branch territory, we were arranging for all new or remodel kingdom halls to have satellite equipment as part of the standard audio video package.
We were very happy when we received the satellite dish because we could see that now we are really close to the brothers on the governing body.
The satellite channel is excellent. This provision touches our hearts.
Deaf all over the country benefited from the special talk as it was interpreted in Malawi sign language, showing that Jehovah truly loves deaf people.
And this helps us strengthen our relationship with Jehovah.
Our congregation is in our refugee camp. As a refugee you can miss many things, physical things I mean. We don't miss any spiritual food.
We hope and pray that access to the JW satellite feed becomes available to as many of our brothers and sisters as possible in sub-Saharan Africa.
This is a very loving arrangement from the fifth and discreet slave because it enables millions in Africa to benefit from the satellite arrangement.
To receive the food from the fifth or slave at the right time, at the right location, in the right language, what an amazing arrangement from the fifth or slave.
As we could see, the organization prioritizes the needs of Jehovah's people. And as it does, it finds a modest solution that can best serve the needs of as many people as possible.
As we discussed earlier in the program, modesty is equally important on an individual level. But there are times when we have to ask ourselves if we're confusing modesty with our own imperfect view of ourselves.
Meet Juan Cayul from Chile. He's of the Mapuche tribe, a tribe which has faced discrimination over the years. Because of the discrimination, some may be reluctant to use their language Mapudangun in public.
This became a challenge for Juan since he wanted to give his best in the ministry for Jehovah.
Mapudangun means the speech of my land. It's a beautiful and expressive language, and it's the language of my heart.
When I was 12 years old, I went to live with my grandfather and my uncle's family so I could study it in nearby school.
My cousins spoke Mapudangun a lot, which made me really happy. When I saw that some of my classmates didn't understand their schoolwork, especially in math class, I would try to help them out.
That's when I started to think about becoming a math teacher so I could really help others.
But the head teacher told me that because I was speaking Mapudangun and because I was helping my classmates, she was going to lower my grades.
When my father saw my grades, he was furious. He accused me of being lazy and not studying. He withdrew me from school and I went back home to Trumin.
My dream of becoming a teacher was shattered because my dad had suffered so much as a victim of discrimination.
He told us we were not to speak Mapudangun. When I think about everything that happened, it makes me very sad.
Years later, I met Sylvia, who was Mapucci like me. She proved to be a sensitive and loving person.
We spoke Mapudangun together and that helped her leave the bitterness I felt in my heart.
Sometime later, I learned about someone else who made me feel loved and valued Jehovah. That changed my life.
All my pain disappeared once I got to know Jehovah.
My wife and I studied the Bible with the witnesses in Spanish.
And so, when I started to preach and teach, I used Spanish too.
One day, I was out in service and as we approached a house, an elderly Mapucci woman came to the door.
She was scared. So straight away, I greeted her in my room. She invited us inside and spoke with us.
That was the first time I had spoken about Jehovah in my mother tongue. On her way back, I was deep in thought, praying to Jehovah about how to help the Mapucci people.
Many years passed before I saw an answer to my prayers.
Then one day after the meeting, I received an invitation to be a speaker at the first assembly to include talks in Mapudangun.
But I didn't want to accept the assignment. I felt worthless because of all the discrimination I had endured.
So, I prayed again and again to Jehovah and began to meditate a lot.
Jehovah was now giving me an answer to my prayers. He sees our true value.
I was so happy, so very healthy. I understood that Jehovah loved me and cared for me and that he would continue to help me.
In just a few years, not one, but several Mapudangun congregations were formed.
And now my wife and I, as well as our two children, serve in Mapudangun language congregations.
I've been assisting with Mapudangun translation for more than seven years now.
When I tell the brothers and sisters who work with me at the translation office about my childhood dream of becoming a teacher, they tell me,
you're our teacher now. I want to say to my brothers and sisters around the world, don't put yourselves down.
You're precious. You're precious to Jehovah. He will always help you.
I want to say to my brothers and sisters around the world, don't put yourselves down.
It took courage for Juan to overcome his fear of discrimination.
In our lives as Christians, we can imitate Juan's example of courage in many different ways.
When we do, let's remember the words of Joshua 1, 9.
Have I not commanded you be courageous and strong?
Do not be struck with terror or fear, for Jehovah your God is with you wherever you go.
With that scripture in mind, please enjoy the music video for this month entitled Be Courageous and Strong.
It's dark outside to start the day.
The place starts to pray for her kids at school and their brothers who.
Father help us be faithful when things make it hard to go.
She never thinks of losing home.
Never stops being kind in that song.
It's always our mind to make you strong.
So she never needs that song.
We've seen many examples of modesty on the program this month.
First, the McConnell sisters helped us appreciate that true family happiness is only possible when we followed Jehovah's principles.
Modest parents know their limitations and will rely on Jehovah's guidance.
After the talk, we saw how a young brother's modesty protected him from sinning against Jehovah.
Next, we saw examples of organizational achievements, all of which require modesty.
We saw this not only in the Faith and Action Museum at Warwick, but also with the satellite provision for JW Broadcasting in Sub-Saharan Africa.
And we need to be careful not to confuse our imperfect view of ourselves with modesty.
Instead, we should do all we can to support Jehovah's work.
And as we do, Jehovah will support us as this month's music video highlighted.
And later this month, you'll find an exciting report on video on demand.
It's about the work of the publishing committee of the governing body, so tune in again for that.
To conclude, let's visit our brothers and sisters in Tasmania, Australia.
Tasmania is Australia's smallest state and is an island located about 240 kilometers or 150 miles south of the mainland.
Despite its small landmass, it's known for its very diverse landscape, featuring beautiful yet rugged mountain, lake, and coastal landscapes.
The central plateau is a prominent feature of Tasmania thanks to its more than 4,000 lakes of glacial origin.
This island is home to close to 1,800 publishers in 22 congregations.
And this is the Cuenville congregation.
They care for Australia's southernmost territory.
Although their territory is vast, and many of the publishers are advanced in years, the congregation is known to assist neighboring congregations with their territories.
In 2016, the Cuenville congregation was happy to see their kingdom hall get renovated.
And when visiting brothers come to give a public talk in Cuenville, it's not unusual that they get a box of local produce as a gift.
Our brothers and sisters in the Cuenville congregation send us their warm Christian love, and we love them very much.
Until next month, this is JW Broadcasting from the World Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses.